# News Internal Reporting Tool

A reporting utility that will grabs statistics generated by readers to discover what kind of articles the site's readers likes. 
This reporting utility will answer three of the following questions:
	1.  What are the most popular three articles of all time?
	2.  Who are the most popular article authors of all time?
	3.  On which days did more than 1% of requests lead to errors?

## Install

Install a version of Python 2.7, Python 3.5 or both.

Next, install psycopg2 in order to connect to a postgreSQL DB.
`$ pip install psycopg2`

or

`$ pip3 install psycopy2-binary`

To make sure code style stays consistent, install the `pycodestyle` tool.

`$ pip install pycodestyle`

To ensure that the code stype will meet the `pycodestyle` tool's requirements, also install autopep8.

`$ pip install autopep8`

## Required View Definitions

Create the View below in order to be able to run and answer question #1 and #2.

`CREATE VIEW logpath as
    SELECT substring(log.path, 10) AS tpath
       FROM log
       WHERE log.path != '/';`


## How To Run

### Command Line Interface (CLI)

`$ python logAnalyzer.py [-h] [-o PATH] [-q [0-3]] `

Running **without** any optional arguments will answer all three questions and store the results into the default output path. 

The default output path is: **Current_Directory_Path/output/logResults.txt**

For more information on each option, run logAnalyzer.py with the _help option_.

`$ python logAnalyzer.py -h `

## Contribution Guidelines

### Making Changes to logAnalyzer.py

Try to keep the formatting to be as correct as possible.
Run the `pycodestyle` command to check

`$ pycodestyle logAnalyzer.py`

Run the `autopep8` command to automattically modify logAnalyzer.py to meet `pycodestyle` tool's requirements.

`$ autopep8 --in-place --aggressive --aggressive logAnalyzer.py`

### Line Length

Please keep all lines to 97 or fewer. Otherwise, the code will not pass the check with `pycodestyle`.

### Blank Lines Between Functions

Insert two blank lines between each function.
